add: load schema cache dump from URI at startup (#5031)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

- Add GHC runtime metrics to the metrics endpoint by @mkleczek in #4862
- Support running the admin server on a unix socket by @wolfgangwalther in #5003
- Add config `server-reuseport` to allow starting multiple PostgREST instances using the same port on supported platforms by @mkleczek in #4703, #4694

> - Add `--schema-cache-uri` to asynchronously load an initial schema cache dump from `http(s)` or local `file` URIs by @mkleczek in #5031

Reviewer: Slightly clearer, I think.

```suggestion
- Add `--schema-cache-uri` CLI option to asynchronously load an initial schema cache from a schema cache dump source by @mkleczek in #5031
  + Valid sources can be from a `http(s)` or local `file://` URI.
```

Author: Done
